1.What is the DOM?
	
	DOM is the Document Object Model. It creates a model of the current webpage.
	It can be similar to a flow chart or compare it to a map of the website with 
	the different elements.It uses objects to create a representation of of the 
	current page. Programs can then change the structure of the document, the style
	and the content. 


2.List three methods to manipulate the DOM.

	Creates a HTML element:
	Use the method:  document.createElement(element)
	
	Remove an HTML element: 
	document.removeChild(element)
		
	Change the style of an HTML element
	element.style.property = new style


3.What is an asynchronous call?

	If a call is synchronous it will stop the application it is executing when 
	reaching the script. Return or load that and then continue. Asynchronous means
	the execution of the code is not blocked or wait for the Application Programming 
	Interface (API) call to return from the server. It will continue to load the 
	content of a webpage at the same time as getting information from other pages. 
	This allows you to have a better control of what order different parts of your 
	website executes. Ajax is short for asynchronous JavaScript and XML. It is a set 
	of web development techniques to create asynchronous web applications on the 
	client-side.  This is to make the web application feel more responsive. Also 
	the site can exchange specific data with the server instead of loading everything
	again. This helps with the interaction, speed and user-friendliness of the site. 


4.Briefly explain what the sources tab in Chromes Developers Tools does.
	
	The source tab allows you to go step by step through your code to find bugs or errors.
	It has three panels. File Navigator showing all the files that are requested by the site.
	The code editor wich shows the content of the selected file and the Javascript debugging 
	panel with many tools for inspecting the javascript. It has many options to isolate 
	code and narrow in on what you might think is the bug. Over all a very helpfull tool 
	for locating and speeding up the process of debugging.  


5.What is a JavaScript promise?

	A javascript promise uses a executor function with the two parameters, resolve and reject
	(Promise kept or broken), to test an argument. Did it work or did it fail?
	It helps you with resolving callback bugs. With promises you will be creating them and
	then handling them based on the outcome. They are generally used for easier handeling of 
	asynchronous operations or blocking code.



6.What is an API?

	API is short for Application Programming Interface. Apis let programs talk to each other .
	The DOM of a website is an API. It allows scripts to access the content and change/update it.
	Social media platforms open up so that you can access and update data they stor through 
	the websites and apps.To use an API you need know what it allows you to do, how to access it 
	ask it to do tasks through calling functions, creating objects, accessing properties and methods 
	of an object. You can fetch information, scripts and a lot of different data types.


7.What is a JavaScript Event?

	A javascript event happens when your webbrowser registers your actions If you have 
	corresponding javascript instructions (called an event handler, a block of code, 
	which may also be called an event listener)for what will happen then that is an event.
	
	Event handling:
					1:Select element node or nodes you want the script to respond to.
					2:Indicate what event on the selected node or nodes will trigger a response.
					3:State the code you want to run when the event occurs.
					
	For example if you click on a button and an alert pops up. Give confirmation when a 
	input is submitted. Triggering something by hovering your mousepointer over it and 
	also when mousepointer leaves that space. scrolling up or down on the page can 
	trigger an event. Some sites are horribly annoying with this. Interrupting your 
	reading halfway through. There are many ways to start an event. They can also be added 
	and removed with functions. Removing event handlers not in use can improve efficiency. 
	This creates interaction with the user and allowing for a more engaging site or annoying when overused. 





8.What is event bubbling?
	
	Event bubbling is about the event flow.It is one side of event propagation where the other is 
	event capturing. This happend when you trigger an event and parent element also gets triggered. 
	It starts at the most specific node and then flows outwards to the least specific one. so
	Event bubbling is bubbles up through the DOM while event capturing flows down through the DOM.


